PAIGE WOOD is a writer first, an artist second, and a black womyn always. Born in Detroit and shaped by its surrounding suburbs, Paige uses film as her form of activism -- helping communities of color and marginalized voices tell their stories from script to screen. Creators like Haruki Murakami, Ava DuVernay, and Donald Glover inspire her drive. Works such as Election, AKIRA, and Pan's Labyrinth influence her style. Characters like Daria, Diane Nguyen, and Malcolm Adekanbi are the backbone of her voice. 

In regards to her education, Paige has received both her undergraduate and graduate degree from the University of Michigan. She's semi-fluent in Japanese, was previously fluent in Spanish, and speaks the language of code-switching with ease. 

As a writer, Paige is inspired by the surreal, the supernatural, and the trying times of early adulthood. Once a teen who often found herself lost within daydreams of monsters among men and fantasies of worlds so close yet so far from reality, I turned to writing as a form of escapism from the boredom of everyday life. Common themes within her work include the modernization of ancient myths and classics, millennial angst, and #blackgirlmagic.

Most recently, Paige has wrapped up work as the show-runner/producer/co-writer on two narrative projects sponsored by the Detroit Narrative Agency 2.0 and Allied Media Projects -- 'Riding with Aunt D. Dot' and 'Femme Queen Chronicles'; set to premiere in June 2018 during the 2018 Allied Media Conference. Previously, Paige worked as the Lead Creative Producer and Writer at SAGA MKTG in downtown Detroit; bringing to life commercial and digital video projects for clients such as the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA), Detroit Future City (DFC) and The Skillman Foundation.

Currently, Paige will be working as the story producer of a short-form documentary to be launched in February 2019 as a part of the Decade of Fire commercial roll-out. Paige was also just recently chosen to be one of eight fellows within Firelight Media's 2018-2019 Impact Producer Fellowship, in addition to becoming one of the six Creative Producing Fellow of the Sundance Institute's Inaugural Detroit class.
